feat: add gnosis chain and goerli to supported networks [NET-1556] (#2239)
ceramicnetwork/js-ceramic: README.md

**js-ceramic** is a monorepo containing the TypeScript implementation of the Ceramic protocol. If you are unfamiliar with Ceramic, see the [website](https://ceramic.network) or [overview](https://github.com/ceramicnetwork/ceramic) for more information.

> **Project status**: **`Clay` testnet is now live. 🚀** <br/>
> Clay is a decentralized public network ready for experimental application development and testing. It anchors documents on the Ethereum Ropsten and Rinkeby testnets. It is the last major milestone before `Fire` mainnet, which is under development and will launch in late Q1 2021. Documents published on Clay will _not_ be portable to Fire.

> > June 2022: As Rinkeby and Ropsten are on their way to being deprecated, Clay will be shifting to using the Gnosis Chain (xDAI) for anchoring documents. Documents published on Rinkeby/Ropsten through Clay will _not_ be ported over to Gnosis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> June 2022: As Rinkeby and Ropsten are on their way to being deprecated, Clay will be shifting to using the Gnosis Chain (previously xDAI) for anchoring streams. Streams published on Rinkeby/Ropsten through Clay will _not_ be ported over to Gnosis.
```
